welcome to slash forward with this
episode we start an attempt at daily
october uploads filling out each week
with selections from the popular 50
horror box set that was available a
while back
episode 1 is gonna be adam age vampire
released in 1960
if you like pointing and laughing at
antiquated depictions of gender roles
definitely subscribe to the channel
there there's gonna be a lot of that
this month let's get to it
we open on a hysterical woman
immediately told what's what
by her beau pierre he's leaving jeanette
for the open seas due to her insistence
on maintaining a career
so she quits in shame after he's already
left
in her desperation she tears down the
road and despite clear conditions
veers off onto a rocky embankment flash
forward three months and we see she's
horribly mutilated and bereft of all
hope and personal sense of value
her sad story has made the news and
she's sent for by the disembodied hand
of professor albert levin
as we gaze upon the monster jeanette's
cursed visage ignoring how easily it is
to cover up we witness her saved in her
final moments of despair by monique who
offers her the free services of a great
scientist
however she is incredulous of anyone's
ability to repair the damage
through exposition we learned that levin
has been working on a tincture to
reverse the damaging effects of nuclear
radiation and has developed a serum
called derma
28 they just need someone to test it on
in the absence of jeanette monique
expresses her undying love by taking a
lot of damage to her own epidermis
becoming a part of this new
technological frontier
they find derma 28 to be effective and
he promises not to forget her on his way
to the top jeannette does visit the
residence and levin closely observes
every
lurid and horrible detail but despite
her willful arrival she still requires
convincing
after a demonstration of her poor
trigger discipline they managed to
disarm her and sweet talk her into the
operating room here they cut her open
for a
topical treatment and while she mends we
see pierre's return from his mistress
the sea and is depressed to find
jeanette missing while back at the lab
they presume that application to old
wounds requires some time to soak in
and sure enough it eventually works its
magic despite their initial success
levin is concerned about possible side
effects like spontaneous makeout
sessions and subsequent cattiness
as they observe the results over time we
learn levin is growing weary of
monique's constant presence and is
hoping jeanette's kiss can be leveraged
into a lifelong relationship
in an attempt to kill two birds with one
stone he works as manipulative magic on
monique
convincing her to let him tap into them
glands to whip up some more derma 28 so
he can prevent jeanette's backslide
the next day the police show up and we
learn it's because monique is dead
due to the professor's good standing in
the community they take his word that
she died under normal circumstances and
forgo the autopsy
now free to begin shipping they go
cruising up the waterside but have to
return quickly when jeannette has a mild
side effect
of her face feeling like it's on fire he
struggles with what he has to do
eventually injecting himself with some
concoction and getting all
up in his feelings as he transforms into
a sort of monster he then takes to the
streets luring in a victim with a
classic line
come here i'll give you anything you are
all right as long as what you like is
being jostled after pressing her gland
and secreting her juices he transforms
himself back
in this way he keeps jeanette fresh and
all for him when she expresses concern
about his suggestion of multiple
transplants
he admonishes her demanding repayment
for the sacrifices he willingly made and
is kept secret from her
sans receipts she instead attempts to
message pierre but sasha's loyalties run
deep and levin destroys the
correspondence before long we see pierre
back in town
hard negging the girls am i wrong are
you getting fatter
but wistfully reminiscing about how much
he misses hard-nagging his girl
jeannette but he finds her on the dock
and he's happy she's fixed her face so
he can love her again before she can
convince her seaman to whisk her away
sasha drops him
as the police try to piece together how
the missing woman could appear both
suddenly
and unmarred they opt to go to the
regeneration specialist they've recently
met for input however the professor
insists that someone with a face that
jacked would be beyond help by the
technological standards of the day
due to a sinking suspicion the chief
orders monique's body exhumed for an
autopsy meanwhile at the lab the
professor tries to convince jeanette to
undergo the final treatment
then see if maybe she feels like she
loves him after that he even returns her
precious strap to her as a sign of good
faith pierre then returns hoping for
help he wants levin to convince the
police his encounter could have been
with jeannette so they stay interested
in the case
levin instead uses the opportunity to
gaslight him
convincing him he just sees his lost
love in every woman the cops are
actually on levin's trail anyway
related to the recent murder spree
having found similar cut patterns on
monique as on the victim's strewn about
town they trail him to a local erotic
theater and he uses the crowd to slip
out unfortunately he fails to claim his
next victim his heart just not being
into it and he retreats to his
laboratory levin decides to come clean
to jeannette and hope for the best
but he gets the worst despite the
treatment taking full hold now and
cementing itself into her face tissues
she refuses to run away with him but
he's sacrificed too much to give up now
and begins to transform
she has a chance to kill him and escape
but she finds him pitiable and screams
into the night this catches the ear of
pierre hanging out in the streets
outside and he rushes in to get into a
little
shoving match with some light choking
eventually being [ __ ] slapped into
oblivion the professor retreats with
jeanette to sasha's greenhouse but fails
to hide her before the police arrive
they have a brief standoff before sasha
engages in some sort of
mercy killing i'm not sure what he did
there and then pierre and jeannette live
happily ever after on the back of
professor levin's hard work
that was an okay movie to start out with
it honestly wasn't totally
incomprehensible like i suspect many of
these films will be and it didn't really
start falling apart until the end
if you enjoyed the video i'd love for
you to become a part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching
[Music]